ast3ros

medium

# A suspended user can withdraw funds with collusion

## Summary

With the collusion of a party B, a suspended user can withdraw the funds from the protocol by exploiting a loophole in the quote mechanism.

## Vulnerability Detail

In design, a user cannot withdraw the funds from the protocol when the account is marked as a suspended address.

        function withdraw(uint256 amount) external whenNotAccountingPaused notSuspended(msg.sender)

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-symmetrical/blob/main/symmio-core/contracts/facets/Account/AccountFacet.sol#L26C3-L26C3

However, the user could circumvent the design by colluding with a party B. He can do it by:
- Before getting suspended, create a quote by calling `partAFacet.sendQuote`. In the part B whitelist, specify only the party B that he colludes with to prevent other parties B from locking the quote. The term of the quote can be specified so that the party A will take a heavy loss if it is accepted by party B.
- The user leaves the quote in PENDING status so it can be used in the future.
- The user is then suspended.
- Being suspended means the user cannot withdraw or send a new quote. However, he still can do every other action such as `allocate`, `deallocate`, `requestToClosePosition`. Party B can still `lockQuote`, `openPosition`, and `fillCloseRequest`. The suspended user can transfer funds in terms of profit to party B.

        if (hasMadeProfit) {
            accountLayout.allocatedBalances[quote.partyA] += pnl;
            accountLayout.partyBAllocatedBalances[quote.partyB][quote.partyA] -= pnl;
        } else {
            accountLayout.allocatedBalances[quote.partyA] -= pnl;
            accountLayout.partyBAllocatedBalances[quote.partyB][quote.partyA] += pnl;
        }

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-symmetrical/blob/main/symmio-core/contracts/libraries/LibQuote.sol#L174-L180

- Party B then can withdraw the funds.

## Impact

A suspended user can withdraw funds from the protocol. It violates the design of the protocol.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-symmetrical/blob/main/symmio-core/contracts/facets/Account/AccountFacet.sol#L26C3-L26C3
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-symmetrical/blob/main/symmio-core/contracts/libraries/LibQuote.sol#L174C1-L180C10

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

When a user is suspended, there are two options:
- Do not allow the account to `requestToClosePosition`
- Cancel all of the pending quotes of the suspended account.