shaka

high

# The liquidation process can get stuck if the liquidators do not submit the symbol prices in the given time

## Summary

The liquidation process can get stuck if the liquidators do not submit the symbol prices in the given time.

## Vulnerability Detail

The liquidation process for party A is initiated by calling `liquidatePartyA`. This function receives the `upnlSig` parameter with the uPnL data of party A and stores its timestamp.

```solidity
maLayout.liquidationTimestamp[partyA] = upnlSig.timestamp;
```

The next step is to set the symbol prices for the liquidation process. This is done by calling `setSymbolPrices`. This function receives the `priceSig` parameter and checks that its timestamp is not greater than `maLayout.liquidationTimestamp[partyA]` (the value set in the previous step) plus the liquidation timeout.

```solidity
require(
    priceSig.timestamp <=
        maLayout.liquidationTimestamp[partyA] + maLayout.liquidationTimeout,
    "LiquidationFacet: Expired signature"
);
```

This means that if the timestamp `maLayout.liquidationTimestamp[partyA] + maLayout.liquidationTimeout` is reached and the liquidators have not requested a valid signature for all the symbols of the open quotes of party A, the liquidation process will get stuck.

A similar behavior can be found in the `liquidatePositionsPartyB` function for the liquidation process for party B.

An important remark is that some liquidation processes do not have economic incentives for the liquidator, so in this cases the liquidation process relies completely on the protocol bots. If by any means these bots fail to submit the data in the given time, the liquidation process will get stuck forever.

## Impact

If the liquidation process for party A gets stuck, all the funds associated with the quotes of party A will be locked forever, what will suppose a loss for party A and the party B's associated with the quotes of party A.

If the liquidation process for party B gets stuck, all the funds associated with the quotes of party B in relation with party A will be locked forever, what will suppose a loss for party B and the party A associated.

Parties will also lose the ability to perform most of the actions of the protocol, having their accounts limited to deposit and withdraw funds.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-symmetrical/blob/main/symmio-core/contracts/facets/liquidation/LiquidationFacetImpl.sol#L40-L44

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-symmetrical/blob/main/symmio-core/contracts/facets/liquidation/LiquidationFacetImpl.sol#L318-L322

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Allow to initiate a new liquidation process if the liquidation timeout has passed and not all the symbol prices have been set.