libratus

high

# PartyB liquidation can stuck forever freezing user funds

## Summary
If step 2 of partyB liquidation process is not called in time, the liquidation will be stuck forever. PartyA's funds will be frozen.

## Vulnerability Detail
PartyB liquidation is a 2-step process. First, `liquidatePartyB` is called which marks hedger as liquidated and cancels pending quotes
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-symmetrical/blob/main/symmio-core/contracts/facets/liquidation/LiquidationFacetImpl.sol#L240

Then, `liquidatePositionsPartyB` needs to be called to close open positions.
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-symmetrical/blob/main/symmio-core/contracts/facets/liquidation/LiquidationFacetImpl.sol#L308

To liquidate partyB positions liquidator needs to provide price signature. The signature needs to be close to liquidation time which is enforced in a require statement:
```solidity
require(
    priceSig.timestamp <=
        maLayout.partyBLiquidationTimestamp[partyB][partyA] + maLayout.liquidationTimeout,
    "LiquidationFacet: Expired signature"
);
```

At the same time, in order to prevent old signatures from being used, the following check is made:
```solidity
require(
    block.timestamp <= priceSig.timestamp + maLayout.liquidationTimeout,
    "LiquidationFacet: Expired price sig"
);
```
Relying on block.timestamp here is very dangerous. If liquidation bots fail and don't call this method in time, the liquidation will be stuck. It will be impossible to provide price signature with such a timestamp that would satisfy both of the checks from above. All further executions of this method will revert. The biggest consequence is that partyA's locked balances will not be cleaned up as done here https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-symmetrical/blob/main/symmio-core/contracts/facets/liquidation/LiquidationFacetImpl.sol#L308

PartyA will never be able to withdraw these balances from Symmetrical.

## Impact
Loss of funds for partyA if liquidation is not completed in time.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-symmetrical/blob/main/symmio-core/contracts/facets/liquidation/LiquidationFacetImpl.sol#L308

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Instead of using block.timestamp, use the following require statement to guard against old signatures
```solidity
require(
    priceSig.timestamp >= maLayout.partyBLiquidationTimestamp[partyB][partyA] + maLayout.liquidationTimeout,
    "LiquidationFacet: Old price signature"
);
```