nobody2018

medium

# PartyBFacetImpl.lockQuote doesn't actually increment partyBNonces[partyB][partyA] by 1

## Summary

PartyB locks a quote via `PartyBFacet.lockQuote`, which internally increases `partyBNonces[quote.partyB][quote.partyA]` by 1. However, [[this](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-symmetrical/blob/main/symmio-core/contracts/facets/PartyB/PartyBFacetImpl.sol#L29-L34)](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-symmetrical/blob/main/symmio-core/contracts/facets/PartyB/PartyBFacetImpl.sol#L29-L34) happens before `quote.partyB` is assigned. **So it is `partyBNonces[0x0][quote.partyA]` that is incremented by 1**. The `upnlSig` parameter contains `upnl` that is very important to PartyB. `LibMuon.verifyPartyBUpnl` is used to verify `upnlSig`. The purpose of adding 1 to `partyBNonces[quote.partyB][quote.partyA]` is to prevent `upnlSig` from being reused. Since `partyBNonces[quote.partyB][quote.partyA]` remains unchanged, `upnlSig` can be reused. Normally, this is no problem. **This report will describe a edge case to demonstrate that a malicious PartyB can exploit this issue to reduce its losses.**

## Vulnerability Detail

For simplicity, assume the following scenario:

Alice is PartyA and the liquidator, and Bob is PartyB. The symbol is ETH/USDT, and the current price is 1000. `muonLayout.upnlValidTime` is 300 seconds.

1.  Alice send a short quote: quote1 (requestedOpenPrice=1000). Bob locks and opens quote1. Assuming the price dumps to 500, bob can be liquidated.
    
2.  As time goes by, a bad news for ETH makes the price dump sharply. Now the price is 750, alice thinks that the price will continue to dump, so she does not request to close quote1. She send another short quote: quote2 (requestedOpenPrice=750).
    
3.  Bob thinks the price will rebound, but he is worried about being liquidated and losing all his funds. So he [[locks](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-symmetrical/blob/main/symmio-core/contracts/facets/PartyB/PartyBFacetImpl.sol#L22)](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-symmetrical/blob/main/symmio-core/contracts/facets/PartyB/PartyBFacetImpl.sol#L22) quote2 to obtain `upnlSig2` at this time. And run the program to monitor the mempool.
    
4.  However, after 1 minute, the price did not rebound and dumped to 499. The liquidator (Alice) notices that Bob can be liquidated, and initiates `LiquidationFacet.liquidatePartyB` to Bob. tx enters the mempool.
    
5.  Bob's program notices this tx and calls `AccountFacet.transferAllocation(availableBalance, Alice, OtherPartyA, upnlSig2)` to front-run it. **`upnlSig2` was obtained in the 3 step**. It was an old value and was generated when the price was 750. The purpose of this is to use the old `upnlSig2.upnl` to transfer away [[availableBalance](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-symmetrical/blob/main/symmio-core/contracts/facets/Account/AccountFacetImpl.sol#L92-L97)](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-symmetrical/blob/main/symmio-core/contracts/facets/Account/AccountFacetImpl.sol#L92-L97).
    
6.  bob is liquidated, but he does not lose all his funds. `availableBalance` was successfully transferred to `partyBAllocatedBalances[Bob][OtherPartyA]`.
    

## Impact

In the above scenario, the malicious PartyB can avoid all funds being liquidated. He can transfer some of the funds. This means that PartyB is only partially liquidated. But for PartyA, he should get all of PartyB's funds. This means that PartyA lost some funds.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-symmetrical/blob/main/symmio-core/contracts/facets/PartyB/PartyBFacetImpl.sol#L29-L34

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-symmetrical/blob/main/symmio-core/contracts/facets/Account/AccountFacetImpl.sol#L92-L105

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

```diff
--- a/symmio-core/contracts/facets/PartyB/PartyBFacetImpl.sol
+++ b/symmio-core/contracts/facets/PartyB/PartyBFacetImpl.sol
@@ -25,13 +25,13 @@ library PartyBFacetImpl {

         LibMuon.verifyPartyBUpnl(upnlSig, msg.sender, quote.partyA);
-        checkPartyBValidationToLockQuote(quoteId, upnlSig.upnl);
-        if (increaseNonce) {
-            accountLayout.partyBNonces[quote.partyB][quote.partyA] += 1;
-        }
+        checkPartyBValidationToLockQuote(quoteId, upnlSig.upnl);
         quote.modifyTimestamp = block.timestamp;
         quote.quoteStatus = QuoteStatus.LOCKED;
         quote.partyB = msg.sender;
+        if (increaseNonce) {
+            accountLayout.partyBNonces[quote.partyB][quote.partyA] += 1;
+        }
         // lock funds for partyB
```