Kose

medium

# Malicious PartyB can force their PartyA's into liquidation

## Summary
PartyB's have too many privileges and system is running around their actions and choices. Using these privileges, if partyB sees that their partyA is on the road to liquidation but trying to get rid of: they can block their partyA's request by simply locking new quotes and not accepting other requests.
## Vulnerability Detail
In Symmetrical, the control over funds are mostly within the hands of partyB. Although this is the intented choice, it actually can create opportunities for partyB's to use them maliciously.
Let's examine one scenario:
1. PartyA's funds are losing value and hence he/she is at the risk of liquidation.
2. PartyA wants to save their funds. The ways to prevent liquidity are:
    1. Closing position (via ```requestToClosePosition``` function)
    2. Opening hedge positions (via ```sendQuote``` function)
    3. Depositing and/or allocating new funds

Assuming user can not use option 3, now I will show how partyB can maliciously act to put obstacles into the option 1 and 2.
- Closing Position:
After partyA make their closing request ```requestToClosePosition``` everything is in the hands of partyB of that specific position.
If partyB don't call ```fillCloseRequest``` and close the position, partyA have no way to close the position without forcing. Let's look at forcing in this case:
[forceClosePosition](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-symmetrical/blob/main/symmio-core/contracts/facets/PartyA/PartyAFacetImpl.sol/#L253-L268)
```solidity 
    function forceClosePosition(uint256 quoteId, PairUpnlAndPriceSig memory upnlSig) internal {
        AccountStorage.Layout storage accountLayout = AccountStorage.layout();
        MAStorage.Layout storage maLayout = MAStorage.layout();
        Quote storage quote = QuoteStorage.layout().quotes[quoteId];

        uint256 filledAmount = quote.quantityToClose;
        require(quote.quoteStatus == QuoteStatus.CLOSE_PENDING, "PartyAFacet: Invalid state");
        require(
            block.timestamp > quote.modifyTimestamp + maLayout.forceCloseCooldown,
            "PartyAFacet: Cooldown not reached"
        );
...
```
As we can see, to forceClosePosition, partyA needs to wait until ```maLayout.forceCloseCooldown``` amount of time has passed. Which is set to (3000000000000000) in default. Which is practically impossible. But even if this cooldown changes, it won't solve the problem because again it might be too late to get rid of liquidation.
- Opening hedge position
In order to neutralize their upcoming upnl's, partyA might decide opening new position via ```sendQuote```. But here is the catch:
Malicious partyB can lock this quote and refuse to open the position. If this happens, partyA will obviously want to call ```requestToCancelQuote``` which again the outcome is completely in the hands of partyB who is malicious in our case. If they want to force it, they again need to wait until the cooldown pass. Again even if the protocol reduce the cooldown to reasonable time, it doesn't change the fact that partyB has all the control and partyA can be liquidated during this cooldown time.

Although you might think that then this malicious behaviour gets punished, it actually won't happen because partyB has do nothing wrong in this scenario, he/she act according to his/her rights and it seems completely ok to the protocol to lock quotes without opening it, and prevent closing positions with this manner.
Although whitelisting partyB's while sending quote might solve this issue, since this is not the default action in ```sendQuote``` we can obviously assume that this scenario is more than likely considering liquidations of partyA, leads to gain for partyB's.
## Impact
PartyB's have too many privileges and can use them maliciously without doing anything malicious according to protocol. Using these privileges partyB's can prevent their partyA's new actions and forcefully liquidate them if they are on the dangerous zone (close to liquidation) in order to make profit.
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Code Snippets
Provided above

## Recommendation
I would like to especially point out that this issue can not be solved by just changing ```forceCloseCooldown``` parameter. In markets everything can happen so fast and even choosing 1 hour period for this parameter again does not prevent malicious partyB's to reach their goals. One possible solution to this situation:
- Letting other partyB's than quote's partyB to be able to ```fillCloseRequest```. Of course this might not go well with protocols main goals but it can be implemented such that both partyB make profit via this action. It will be better than partyA's force liquidations.
- But of course this problem might require more brainstorming between protocols developers, and I don't think there is an easy solution that won't hurt anyone. But we can safely say that solutions won't hurt as much as current status.