moneyversed

medium

# Incorrect Calculation of Liquidation Balances

## Summary

The smart contracts provided calculate liquidations and maintain account balances for multiple parties. The vulnerable functions are found in the `LibAccount.sol` library, specifically the `partyAAvailableBalanceForLiquidation()` and `partyBAvailableBalanceForLiquidation()` functions. They both contain a potential issue in the calculation of liquidation balances due to incorrect subtraction.

## Vulnerability Detail

The calculation of liquidation balances in the `partyAAvailableBalanceForLiquidation()` and `partyBAvailableBalanceForLiquidation()` functions relies on subtracting the `cva` and `lf` values from the corresponding `partyBAllocatedBalances` or `allocatedBalances`. However, an incorrect calculation can occur when the `cva` and `lf` values exceed the `partyBAllocatedBalances` or `allocatedBalances` amounts. This can lead to inaccurate liquidation balances, potentially disrupting the logic of the system.

## Impact

The incorrect calculation of liquidation balances can result in inaccurate balances being reported. This can have various consequences, including the manipulation of asset draining or the misrepresentation of the contract's state, which could favor an attacker.

## Code Snippet

```solidity
int256 a = int256(accountLayout.partyBAllocatedBalances[partyB][partyA]) -
    int256(accountLayout.partyBLockedBalances[partyB][partyA].cva +
        accountLayout.partyBLockedBalances[partyB][partyA].lf);
return a + upnl;
```

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-symmetrical/blob/main/symmio-core/contracts/libraries/LibAccount.sol#L150-L153

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

It is recommended to add a condition to check if the `cva` and `lf` values are greater than the `partyBAllocatedBalances` or `allocatedBalances` before performing the subtraction. If they exceed the available balances, the function should revert or handle this case differently to ensure accurate liquidation balance calculations.

## Proof of Concept

In order to reproduce this vulnerability, the following steps can be taken:

1. Deploy the contracts.
2. Add enough balance to a user such that the `cva` and `lf` values are less than the balance.
3. Invoke a function that results in an increase of the `cva` and `lf` values beyond the available balance.
4. Call the `partyAAvailableBalanceForLiquidation()` or `partyBAvailableBalanceForLiquidation()` functions.
5. The function would return an incorrect large positive balance, indicating an incorrect calculation due to the issue in the subtraction operation.