0xGoodess

medium

# liquidatePartyA verify that availableBalance is smaller than zero while setSymbolsPrice allows a positive availableBalance to be handled leading to unfair advantage of liquidator

## Summary
liquidatePartyA verify that availableBalance is smaller than zero while setSymbolsPrice allows a positive availableBalance to be handled

## Vulnerability Detail
During liquidatePartyA, it requires the availableBalance from `partyAAvailableBalanceForLiquidation` is less than 0 in order to process. However on the 2-step of the 4-step liquidation process, setSymbolsPrice would still execute.

```solidity
    function liquidatePartyA(address partyA, SingleUpnlSig memory upnlSig) internal {
        MAStorage.Layout storage maLayout = MAStorage.layout();

        LibMuon.verifyPartyAUpnl(upnlSig, partyA);
        int256 availableBalance = LibAccount.partyAAvailableBalanceForLiquidation(
            upnlSig.upnl,
            partyA
        );
        require(availableBalance < 0, "LiquidationFacet: PartyA is solvent");
```

setSymbolsPrice
```solidity
        int256 availableBalance = LibAccount.partyAAvailableBalanceForLiquidation(
            priceSig.upnl,
            partyA
        );
        if (accountLayout.liquidationDetails[partyA].liquidationType == LiquidationType.NONE) {
            accountLayout.liquidationDetails[partyA] = LiquidationDetail({
                liquidationType: LiquidationType.NONE,
                upnl: priceSig.upnl,
                totalUnrealizedLoss: priceSig.totalUnrealizedLoss,
                deficit: 0,
                liquidationFee: 0
            });
            if (availableBalance >= 0) {
                uint256 remainingLf = accountLayout.lockedBalances[partyA].lf;
                accountLayout.liquidationDetails[partyA].liquidationType = LiquidationType.NORMAL;
                accountLayout.liquidationDetails[partyA].liquidationFee = remainingLf;
```

Consider: 
1. Position A has a liquidation price of 1000, the price hits $1000 at a flash drop and a liquidator A called liquidatePartyA and set the user liquidation status to true.
2. Very Quickly the price recovers to a price of 1050, however since the user is marked as liqiditable, he/she would still be liquidated for the liquidation fee, even though his availableBalance is positive with the current price now.

Since setSymbolPrice can be called repeatedly (as demonstrated by another issue https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-symmetrical-chrisckwong821/issues/2), once the user is marked as liquidatable, a liquidator can game the user by first "observing if the price would get worse further"; if so update the price; if the price recovers, then simply continue the liquidation with the previous price"




## Impact
a non-liquiditable price can be used to continue liquidating a user (if there is a price used to trigger liquidatePartyA before). It means once a user is marked as liquiditable, the liquidator can continue observing oracles to see if a worse price is coming up and use a worse price(by setSymbolsPrice), or if a better price come up, execute the liquidation immediately. This gives some uneven advantage to liquidators.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-symmetrical/blob/main/symmio-core/contracts/facets/liquidation/LiquidationFacetImpl.sol#L64-L67
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Consider applying the same  requirement of availableBalance `require(availableBalance < 0, "LiquidationFacet: PartyA is solvent");` on setSymbolPrice. A user could then be remarked back to "liqudationStaut=False" if so, this would ensure liquidator to continue liquidation asap whenever opportunity arises, instead of being able to wait for a better price/worse for the liquidated users.