AkshaySrivastav

medium

# No mechanism present to change the `contractOwner` of Diamond

## Summary
The `contractOwner` of Diamond contract stores the address of a super admin of the protocol. This address has extreme privileges over the smart contract. However in the current contract implementation there is no way to change this parameter.

## Vulnerability Detail
The `contractOwner` address has the privilege to:
1. Invoke `ControlFacet.setAdmin` function which grants the `DEFAULT_ADMIN_ROLE` to any account.
2. Invoke the `DiamondCutFacet` diamondCut which can add/replace/remove any number of functions to the Diamond proxy.

These are critical functions which heavily impact the working of Symmetrical protocol. 

The core issue lie in the fact that this `contractOwner` parameter can only be set during the deployment of `Diamond` and then cannot be changed ever (as per the current code).

## Impact
In case the `contractOwner` account gets compromised there will be no way for Symmetrical team to replace the `contractOwner` address. The team will need to add a new facet to upgrade the parameter in an adhoc manner.

`Note`:

This issue is not completely a centralization risk, watsons were made aware that owner/admin of protocol should be `TRUSTED`. The issue is about the protocol team not able to replace the `contractOwner` that was set during deployment.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-symmetrical/blob/6d2b64b6732fcfbd07c8217897dd233dbb6cd1f5/symmio-core/contracts/Diamond.sol#L16

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Consider adding a setter function which invokes the `LibDiamond.setContractOwner` function and changes the `contractOwner`.
