MohammedRizwan

high

# Diamond.sol contract is missing critical interfaces which are must be implemented as per eip-2535

## Summary
In Diamond.sol contract, IDiamondLoupe interface is missing which is a MUST requirement as per eip-2535 and EIP-165’s, IERC173 is also not supported.

## Vulnerability Detail
In Diamond.sol,

```Solidity

import { LibDiamond } from "./libraries/LibDiamond.sol";
import { IDiamondCut } from "./interfaces/IDiamondCut.sol";

contract Diamond {
    receive() external payable {}
```

As a proper implementation of eip-2535, IDiamondLoupe interface must be implemented in contract.
 eip-2535 says,

>  **Implementation Points**
**A diamond must implement the following:**
> 5. A diamond implements the DiamondLoupe interface.

Here it says, DiamondLoupe interface is a must requirement.
Reference link- https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-2535

**Inspecting Facets & Functions**
> Diamonds must support inspecting facets and functions by implementing the IDiamondLoupe interface.
>The loupe functions can be used in user-interface software. A user interface calls these functions to provide information about and visualize diamonds.
>The loupe functions can be used in deployment functionality, upgrade functionality, testing and other software.

This is an important functionality of eip-2535 which can not be missed.

In addition, EIP-165’s, IERC173 interface is also missing. ERC-173 is a Contract Ownership Standard and  eip-2535 in its security considerations mentions,
> It is possible to create many different authentication or ownership schemes with this proposal. Authentication schemes can be very simple or complex, fine grained or coarse. This proposal does not limit it in any way. For example ownership/authentication could be as simple as a single account address having the authority to add/replace/remove functions. Or a decentralized autonomous organization could have the authority to only add/replace/remove certain functions.

> Consensus functionality could be implemented such as an approval function that multiple different people call to approve changes before they are executed with the diamondCut function. These are just examples.

> **The development of standards and implementations of ownership, control and authentication of diamonds is encouraged.**

This is another important interface which is missed. 

EIP-165’s should also support in Diamond.sol,
> [EIP-165](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-165)’s supportsInterface. If a diamond has the diamondCut function then the interface ID used for it is IDiamondCut.diamondCut.selector. The interface ID used for the diamond loupe interface is IDiamondLoupe.facets.selector ^ IDiamondLoupe.facetFunctionSelectors.selector ^ IDiamondLoupe.facetAddresses.selector ^ IDiamondLoupe.facetAddress.selector.

## Impact
These interfaces are a part of Diamond.sol which must be implemented as per eip-2535 and its explained above.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-symmetrical/blob/6d2b64b6732fcfbd07c8217897dd233dbb6cd1f5/symmio-core/contracts/Diamond.sol#L1-L60

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
1) Follow the [eip-2535](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-2535) standard and add the above discussed missing interfaces. 
2) "A diamond implements the DiamondLoupe interface." DiamondLoupe interface must be implemented in Diamond.sol as it is a MUST requirement of eip-2535.
