GiorgioDalla

medium

# Allocation Discrepancy in LiquidatePartyB Function

## Summary
The LiquidationFacetImpl.sol contract contains a potential vulnerability in the liquidatePartyB function. An edge case exists where partyA could benefit from more than the originally allocated cva. If the (-availableBalance) is greater than accountLayout.partyBLockedBalances[partyB][partyA].lf, the remainingLf value becomes zero, allowing partyA to receive a larger cva allocation than initially intended.
## Vulnerability Detail

In the liquidatePartyB function of the LiquidationFacetImpl.sol contract, the following code snippet indicates a potential vulnerability:
```solidity
accountLayout.allocatedBalances[partyA] +=
    accountLayout.partyBAllocatedBalances[partyB][partyA] -
    remainingLf;
```
When remainingLf is zero due to (-availableBalance) being greater than `accountLayout.partyBLockedBalances[partyB][partyA].lf`, the addition operation can result in an unintended increase in` accountLayout.allocatedBalances[partyA]`, potentially providing partyA with a larger cva allocation than originally allocated.

## Impact
This vulnerability has the potential to allow partyA to benefit from a greater cva allocation than intended during the liquidation process. This discrepancy could result in an imbalance and unfair distribution of funds, negatively impacting the overall fairness of the contract.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-symmetrical/blob/main/symmio-core/contracts/facets/liquidation/LiquidationFacetImpl.sol#L293-L296

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

To address this vulnerability, it is recommended to update the code in the liquidatePartyB function. Consider adding a check to ensure that the remainingLf value is not set to zero if (-availableBalance) is greater than accountLayout.partyBLockedBalances[partyB][partyA].lf. This check will prevent partyA from receiving a larger cva allocation than originally allocated. Alternatively, you may consider revisiting the allocation logic to ensure a fair and balanced distribution of funds between the parties involved in the liquidation process.





