xiaoming90

high

# Liquidators are not incentivized to complete the liquidation process

## Summary

Only the first two phases of the liquidation process provide an incentive to the liquidators. Thus, a liquidator could focus their effort on only triggering the first two phases to minimize their gas expenses and maximize their profits, affecting the effectiveness of the liquidation mechanism, which indirectly results in users losing more assets than expected.

## Vulnerability Detail

The liquidation of PartyA consists of four (4) phases:

1. Flagging phase (`liquidatePartyA`):  The liquidator provides a signature and states that this address is insolvent with this uPNL at this timestamp. So the user account will be flagged as liquidatable, and the user account will be frozen.  

2. Setting prices phase (`setSymbolsPrice`): The liquidator gets a signature from Muon and injects a price onto the contract for each symbol.   

3. Canceling pending quotes phase (`liquidatePendingPositionsPartyA`): The pending quotes of the user get canceled.  

4. Close Positions phase (`liquidatePositionsPartyA`): User's positions will be closed with the prices set in Phase 2.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-symmetrical/blob/main/symmio-core/contracts/facets/liquidation/LiquidationFacetImpl.sol#L126

```solidity
File: LiquidationFacetImpl.sol
126:     function liquidatePositionsPartyA(
127:         address partyA,
128:         uint256[] memory quoteIds
129:     ) internal returns (bool) {
..SNIP..
219:             uint256 lf = accountLayout.liquidationDetails[partyA].liquidationFee;
220:             if (lf > 0) {
221:                 accountLayout.allocatedBalances[accountLayout.liquidators[partyA][0]] += lf / 2;  // @audit-info Given to the liquidator who called the "liquidatePartyA" func (Stage 1)
222:                 accountLayout.allocatedBalances[accountLayout.liquidators[partyA][1]] += lf / 2; // @audit-info Given to the liquidator who called the "setSymbolsPrice" func (Stage 2)
223:             }
```

As per Line 221-222 of the `liquidatePositionsPartyA` function, it was observed that the incentive is only given to the liquidator who triggered the Flagging phase (`liquidatePartyA`) and Setting prices phase (`setSymbolsPrice`) of the liquidation process.

No incentive is given to the liquidator who triggered the second half of the liquidation process, which is the Canceling pending quotes phase (`liquidatePendingPositionsPartyA`) and Canceling pending quotes phase (`liquidatePendingPositionsPartyA`).

As a result, a liquidator could trigger the first two stages and skip the last two stages to minimize their gas fees and maximize their profits. No liquidator would be incentivized to trigger the last two stages since there is no incentive. As a result, PartyA or PartyB would end up performing the liquidation themselves, assuming that they have the ability or infrastructure already set up.

## Impact

Liquidation might not be performed in a timely manner, As a result, PartyA ended up taking on additional unnecessary risks that could have been avoided in the first place if a different liquidation incentive mechanism had been adopted, potentially leading to PartyA losing more assets than expected.

Although PartyAs are incentivized to perform liquidation themselves since it is the PartyAs that take on the most risks from the late liquidation, the roles of PartyA and liquidator are clearly segregated in the protocol design. Only addresses granted the role of liquidators can perform liquidation as the liquidation functions are guarded by `onlyRole(LibAccessibility.LIQUIDATOR_ROLE)`. Unless the contracts are implemented in a manner that the liquidation functions are made permissionless, PartyAs are likely not able to perform the liquidation themselves when the need arises.

Moreover, the PartyAs are not expected to be both a user and liquidator simultaneously. They might not have the skillset or resources to maintain an infrastructure for monitoring their accounts/positions for potential late liquidation. Most PartyAs are likely normal retail users who only intend to trade on the platform but do not perform liquidation.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-symmetrical/blob/main/symmio-core/contracts/facets/liquidation/LiquidationFacetImpl.sol#L126

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Considering updating the liquidation incentive mechanism that will always provide some incentive for the liquidators to take the initiative to take part in all four (4) phases of the liquidation process. This will help to build a more robust and efficient liquidation mechanism for the protocols. 