libratus

medium

# If fee is withdrawn from fee collector it is impossible to cancel pending quote

## Summary
Trading fee is transfered to fee collector when pending quote request is sent. A quote then can be canceled and fee returned to the user. However, at that point there is no guarantee that fee collector's balance allows to return the fee.

## Vulnerability Detail

Trading fee is collected immediately when quote request is sent. It is transferred to the balance of the fee collector:
```solidity
    function receiveTradingFee(uint256 quoteId) internal {
        AccountStorage.Layout storage accountLayout = AccountStorage.layout();
        uint256 tradingFee = LibQuote.getTradingFee(quoteId);
        accountLayout.allocatedBalances[QuoteStorage.layout().quotes[quoteId].partyA] -= tradingFee;
        accountLayout.balances[GlobalAppStorage.layout().feeCollector] += tradingFee;
    }
```

Let's say user's limit order hasn't been hit and user cancels it. The fee is supposed to be returned
```solidity
    function returnTradingFee(uint256 quoteId) internal {
        AccountStorage.Layout storage accountLayout = AccountStorage.layout();
        uint256 tradingFee = LibQuote.getTradingFee(quoteId);
        accountLayout.allocatedBalances[QuoteStorage.layout().quotes[quoteId].partyA] += tradingFee;
        accountLayout.balances[GlobalAppStorage.layout().feeCollector] -= tradingFee;
    }
```

At this point, there is no guarantee that fee collector balance is sufficient. There is no information about fee collector role in the documentation so it can't be considered a trusted actor. If a user tries to cancel pending order shortly after the balance was withdrawn the call will fail.

## Impact
User will be unable to cancel pending requests if fees are withdrawn from the collector. User will have to wait for the fee collector to receive new fees. However, if canceling a request is critical, user may suffer a loss.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-symmetrical/blob/main/symmio-core/contracts/libraries/LibQuote.sol#L135-L147
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Fee shouldn't be transferred to feeCollector's balance before position is opened. The easiest way to implement it is to withhold the fee when order is created but only transfer it to feeCollector when position is opened