AkshaySrivastav

medium

# `LibQuote.returnTradingFee` will revert if `feeCollector` has insufficient `balances`

## Summary
The Symmetrical protocol has mechanism to return trading fee for users in specific cases. But this operation will fail when the fee collector does not have sufficient balance.

## Vulnerability Detail
The trading fee is returned back whenever a quote is cancelled.

There are scenarios in which the feeCollector may not have sufficient balance to process the fee refund. These scenarios are:
 - In case feeCollector withdraws the collected fees from protocol.
 - In case the feeCollector is changed using the `setFeeCollector` function. The new fee collector will most likely have 0 balance. 

## Impact
All the functions that call `LibQuote.returnTradingFee` will get reverted and result in DoS for the users. These functions are:
- requestToCancelQuote
- forceCancelQuote
- acceptCancelRequest
- openPosition

## Code Snippet
```solidity
    function returnTradingFee(uint256 quoteId) internal {
        AccountStorage.Layout storage accountLayout = AccountStorage.layout();
        uint256 tradingFee = LibQuote.getTradingFee(quoteId);
        accountLayout.allocatedBalances[QuoteStorage.layout().quotes[quoteId].partyA] += tradingFee;
        accountLayout.balances[GlobalAppStorage.layout().feeCollector] -= tradingFee;
    }
```
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-symmetrical/blob/main/symmio-core/contracts/libraries/LibQuote.sol#L135-L140
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-symmetrical/blob/main/symmio-core/contracts/facets/control/ControlFacet.sol#L235-L240

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Consider these:
- When changing the fee collector, transfer all unclaimed fees (balances) to the new fee collector.
- When claiming fee, consider validating that the claim amount must be less than the sum of fees of positions which have not been opened yet.