AkshaySrivastav

high

# Incorrect amount allocation in `AccountFacet.depositAndAllocateForPartyB`

## Summary
The `AccountFacet.depositAndAllocateForPartyB` function increases the caller's `partyBAllocatedBalances` without adjusting the amount to 18 decimals.

## Vulnerability Detail
The `partyBAllocatedBalances` variable intends to store a partyB's allocated balance adjusted to 18 decimals precision. However in the `depositAndAllocateForPartyB` function, the input `amount` value is directly passed into `AccountFacetImpl.allocateForPartyB` function. Hence the amount is not adjusted to 18 decimals. 

## Impact
In case of tokens with > 18 decimals, for eg, TokenX with 20 decimals
- A partyB invokes the `depositForPartyB` 10000 tokens as input (10000e20). His `balance` will be set as 10000e18.
- Then he invokes the `depositAndAllocateForPartyB` 100 tokens as input (100e20).
- His `balance` will now become 100e18 and his `partyBAllocatedBalances` will become 100e20. This value is treated as 18 decimals value by the protocol. Hence the user's allocated balance will be treated as 10000e18 by the protocol. 

So even though the user only intended to allocate 100 units worth of TokenX, almost his entire balance was allocated. This allocated balance becomes susceptible to incur loss in case of liquidation. 

In case of tokens with < 18 decimals, for eg, USDC with 6 decimals
- Suppose a partyB already has a legitimate position which is about to get liquidated due to insufficient collateral. The user chooses to add more collateral to save his position. 
- Then he invokes the `depositAndAllocateForPartyB` 100 tokens as input (100e6).
- Now ideally his `partyBAllocatedBalances` should increase by 100e18 but to this bug the allocated balance will only increase by 100e6 which is a negligible amount.
- The USDC will be collected from the user but won't be added towards the allocated balance in a meaningful way.
- Hence the user can still get liquidated.

Even after doing the necessary steps the user was not able to save his position. To prevent liquidation he would have to addtionally invoke the `allocateForPartyB` function.

Assigning high severity due to high likelihood and high risk (liquidation loss risk).

## Code Snippet

```solidity
    function depositAndAllocateForPartyB(
        uint256 amount,
        address partyA
    ) external whenNotPartyBActionsPaused onlyPartyB {
        AccountFacetImpl.depositForPartyB(amount);
        AccountFacetImpl.allocateForPartyB(amount, partyA, true);
        emit DepositForPartyB(msg.sender, amount);
        emit AllocateForPartyB(msg.sender, partyA, amount);
    }
```
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-symmetrical/blob/main/symmio-core/contracts/facets/Account/AccountFacet.sol#L74-L82


## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Consider scaling the value to 18 decimals precision just like how it is done in the `depositAndAllocate` function.
